feat: Improve RAG injector documentation, add a real-world scenario how-to (#1522)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/ai-rag-injector/index.md

1. You configure the AI RAG Injector plugin via the Admin API or decK, setting up the RAG content to send to the vector database.
1. When a request reaches the AI Gateway, the plugin generates embeddings for request prompts, then queries the vector database for the top-k most similar embeddings.
1. The plugin injects the retrieved content from the vector search result into the request body, and forwards the request to the upstream service.

The following diagram is a simplified overview of how the plugin works (check the [section below](#rag-generation-process)) for more detailed description:

<!-- vale off -->
{% mermaid %}
sequenceDiagram
    participant User
    participant LLM
    participant VectorDB as Vector DB (Data Source)

    User->>LLM: Submit prompt
    LLM->>VectorDB: Query for relevant context
    VectorDB-->>LLM: Return relevant context
    LLM-->>User: Generate and return response

> {% endmermaid %}

Author: True! Correcting that

> {% endmermaid %}

Author: Fixed!

min_version:
    gateway: '3.10'

topologies:
  on_prem:
    - hybrid
    - db-less
    - traditional
  konnect_deployments:
    - hybrid
    - cloud-gateways
    - serverless

icon: ai-rag-injector.png

categories:
  - ai
related_resources:
  - text: All AI Gateway plugins
    url: /plugins/?category=ai
  - text: About AI Gateway
    url: /ai-gateway/
  - text: AI Semantic Cache plugin
    url: /plugins/ai-semantic-cache/

>   - text: Configure the AI RAG Injector plugin with OpenAI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - text: Ensure chatbots adhere to compliance policies with the AI RAG Injector plugin
```
